Bump gl-native to 10.6.0-rc.1, common to 22.0.0-rc.2 (#1396)
mapbox/mapbox-maps-android: CHANGELOG.md

## Bug fixes 🐞
Fix compass is not showing in "edge-to-edge" mode. ([1391](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1391))

# 10.6.0-rc.1 June 1, 2022

## Features ✨ and improvements 🏁
* Minimise tiles relayout on camera zooming with globe view. Improve the overall performance and reduce latency of the cached tiles appearance. ([#1396](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1396))
* Add minimum and maximum range check for sky layer property 'sky-atmosphere-sun' and 'sky-gradient-center'. If the input is invalid, the default property value will be used. ([#1396](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1396))
* Share render data between vector render tiles referring to the same logical tile. ([#1396](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1396))

## Bug fixes 🐞
* Fix an unexpected request update delay for tiles taken from in-memory cache when minimumTileUpdateInterval is set. ([#1396](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1396))

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Dependencies
* Bump gl-native to v10.6.0-rc.1, common to 22.0.0-rc.2. ([#1396](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1396))

```

## Bug fixes 🐞
Fix compass is not showing in "edge-to-edge" mode. ([1391](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1391))

# 10.6.0-rc.1 June 1, 2022

## Features ✨ and improvements 🏁
* Minimise tiles relayout on camera zooming with globe view. Improve the overall performance and reduce latency of the cached tiles appearance. ([#1396](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1396))

> * Add minimum and maximum range check for sky layer property 'sky-atmosphere-sun' and 'sky-gradient-center'. If the input is invalid, the default property value will be used. ([#1396](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1396))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add minimum and maximum range check for sky layer property `sky-atmosphere-sun` and `sky-gradient-center`. If the input is invalid, the default property value will be used. ([#1396](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1396))
```
